README.txt

csci370Project/
├── css/
├── img/
└── js/

csci370Resources/
├── config.php
│
└── templates/
    ├── generic/
    └── xwingWidgets/

projectReport/
├──csci370ErdSchemaAlternative.pdf
├──csci370ProjectDatabaseSchema.ddl
├──csci370ProjectReport.pdf
└──usedSqlStatements.txt

xwingProjectDB/
├── schoolLoadXwingDb.sh
│
├── csv/
└── sql/


1. File Structure

    The main project report along, with supporting files, is found in the 
projectReport/ directory. The report is called CSCI370ProjectReport.pdf.
The file usedSqlStatements.txt contains all of the SQL statements used in the
project application. Using PDO (the PHP connector program) prepared statment
parameters are represented by ":varname" for named parameters and "?" for 
1-indexed positional parameters. 

    All of the database related files are found in the xwingProjectDB/ 
directory. csv/ contains the CSV files that hold the initial data for the 
database. sql/ contains DDL files (automatically generated by one of the 
modelling programs I used) that I used to add and drop all of the tables from
the database, and a SQL file I made to delete all data from the database in the 
correct order (used by schoolLoadXwingDb.sh). 

    The file schoolLoadXwingDb.sh is a bash script I wrote to delete all data 
entries from the database, then repopulate the tables from the CSV files. This 
allows me to easily populate the database on a new server or reset the database
to a specific state. It is written a bit awkwardly (with mysqlimport) due to the
permission levels on the school server preventing me from loading data from CSV
files using MySQL commands. This forced me to cope with the weird quirks and 
limitations of the mysqlimport command (such as not being able to set a primary 
key as 0, and not being able to cope with inserting '' as a value in some 
situations). 

    The source code for application is found in both csci370Project/ and 
csci370Resources/. 
    
    csci370Project/ contains the files that would be publically accessible in 
the public_html/ directory for an Apache2 server. It includes the actual PHP 
pages that accept requests from clients as well as all images, JavaScript files 
and CSS files that need to be accessed by the client browser.

    csci370Resources/ is a private directory kept outside the public_html/ 
directory. It contains all of the template PHP files that are imported into the
main PHP pages. generic/ contains site-wide templates that are domain specific
(head, header, footer, navigation bar). xwingWidgets/ contains constructors for 
domain specific sets of standalone HTML elements (widgets).

    csci370Resources/ also contains the file config.php. This file contains 
site-wide global contants and global variables, as well as the MySQL database 
login credentials used by all pages on the site. It also contains a function 
that generates a connection object for PDO (the database connector for PHP).
