README
CSCI 370 Assignment 3

1. Overview

   This source code can build two executable programs, 'reporting' and 
'ticketing', as specified by the CSCI 370 Assignment 3 document 
(http://csci.viu.ca/~liuh/370/assignments/A3.html). These programs simulate
software sevices to be used by the fictional parking company "WestPark". 

    The reporting program is used to generate a the most recent vehicle/permit 
registration report for a customer, based on the customer's customer ID. The
report will be saved in a text called "Report-[CustomerId].txt" (only if the
customer ID is in the system and the customer has owned at least 1 permit).

    The ticketing service is used to check whether specfic vehicles have valid
parking permits. Upon starting, the user will be repeatedly prompted to enter
vehicle license plate numbers. Upon entering a plate number, the system will
inform the user whether the vehicle has a valid permit or not, and if it does 
not, a parking ticket will automatically be generated and stored in a database.
The prgram will be exited when the user enters an exit code.


2. Compiling

    Compiling requires g++-4.9 and the occi.h library. From the source code 
directory, the following command can be used: 

Compile both programs
    $ make

Compile the reporting program
    $ reporting

Compile the ticketing program
    $ ticketing

Remove all .o files
    $ clean

Remove all .o files, and the reporting and ticketing executable files 
    $ cleanAll


3. Program Inputs and Operation

    To start the reporting program, the following command must be used, where 
[cid] is the 5 character customer ID:
    $ ./reporting [cid] 

The user will be prompted to enter their username and password to connect with 
the database. Upon generating the report, the program will automatically 
terminate.

    To start the ticketing program, the following command must be used, where
[WestParkId] is the name or ID of the user, and [currentDate] is the current
date in the format "yyyy-mm-dd":
    $ ./ticketing [WestParkId] [currentDate]

The user will be prompted to enter their username and password to connect with 
the database. The user will be prompted to enter license plate numbers, which 
should be 6 characters long. After verifying whether the vehicle is registered 
to a valid parking permit or not, the user will be prompted to enter another 
plate number. If the user enters the number 000000, the program will terminate.


4. Known Bugs

    There are no known bugs in either the 'reporting' or 'ticketing' programs.
